Contracts 5.1 changelog (#94)
matter-labs/zksync-docs: docs/updates/2021-05-31-upgrade.md

# zkSync contracts v5.1 upgrade announcement

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD034 -->

Please note, that the upgrade comes as an amendment of the [previous one](./2021-02-26-upgrade). And contains all the changes that it had, but brings a lot of new features as well.

This upgrade brings native NFT and atomic swaps/limit orders support. This upgrade requires regenerating the root hash and so requires the most trust from our users, more on that can be read [here](https://medium.com/matter-labs/zksync-1-x-swaps-nfts-event-system-and-permissionless-token-listing-e126fcc04d61).

## Changes

Code diff: TODO

### Added

- `MintNFT`, `WithdrawNFT` operations, which enable native NFT support. More on the NFT structure can be read [here](../dev/nfts.md).

> - `Swap` operation, which depending on the implementation may serve either order book or atomic swaps functionality. You can read more [here](../dev/swaps.md).

Reviewer: Order book is probably inaccurate, better to use limit orders

```suggestion
- `Swap` operation, which depending on the implementation may serve either atomic swaps or limit orders functionality. You can read more [here](../dev/swaps.md).
```

Also, swaps did not affect contracts, so I don't know if we should even mention it here

Author: There was a `Swap` operation added.
